Fixes #4617 - Add fixes for Stansted (EGSS) Air Network (#4619)
VATSIM-UK/UK-Sector-File: .github/CHANGELOG.md

> X. Enhancement - Added fixes re EGSS Air network - thanks to @Craigstewart4717 (Craig Stewart)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
X. Enhancement - Added fixes for Stansted (EGSS) Air network - thanks to @Craigstewart4717 (Craig Stewart)
```
